# Image Quilting using graph networks
CMSC_641 project1

How to run
 1. Download the folder and change the path to current folder path in the Matlab sandbox
 2. Run the main.m file.
 3. The code might take few seconds(10-30) for completely building the image.
 4. It is automatically saved in the current folder.
 5. The code can be tested for other example images as well. You need to uncomment the code in the main.m file.

Description

  In the project, I have worked on quilting an image and produce a final segmented image. The image is segmented on the left, top and corner areas. The project is mainly focused on building a min cut between the overlap patches taken between two image segments. A new image is generated by stitching together the small patches of images, defined as quilting. For min cut between the patches taken, I performed Ford-Fulkerson algorithm to find the path. Basically, we calculate the max flow among all the augmented path defined using breadth first search. The path with maximum flow is said to be the min cut path. 
  Two patches are taken and an a graph with edge capacities generated based on the formula; 
        M(s,t,A,B) = ||A(s)-B(s)|| + ||A(t)-B(t)||
  where s is the set of source vertices that are taken from the left patch and t is the set of sink vertices from the right patch in case of vertical overlapping and thus for the horizontal overlapping as well.
  
  The matching cost is calcuated for the selected paths and dynamically chosen each node between the two patches for the best final patch.
